---
title: ESSABIR GAMING
publishDate: 2023-01-25 00:00:00
img: /assets/imgLogicielEssabirGaming.png
img_alt: Soft pink and baby blue water ripples together in a subtle texture.
description: |
 .this C# software provides a comprehensive solution for managing a video game arcade, recording all operations, calculating profits, and enabling detailed tracking of customers and games. It can assist arcade owners in efficiently managing their business and maximizing profits.
  
tags:
  - Design
  - Software Developer
  - Dev
---

## C#

Here's a description of a C# software designed to manage all operations in a video game arcade, including customer management, game operations, daily and monthly balances, monthly expenses, and the profit associated with each operation, along with information on games, game duration, and the date of the operation.


>Customer Management:

The software allows you to record customer information, including their name, surname, phone number, address, etc.
It can assign a unique identifier to each customer for precise tracking.


>Game Operations Management:

The software records each gaming operation performed by a customer.
It allows you to select the game played by the customer and note the duration of the game.
The date and time of the operation are automatically recorded.


>Balance Management:

The software maintains a daily balance for each customer, reflecting payments made and earnings obtained during the day.
It also calculates a monthly balance for each customer based on gaming operations in the current month.


>Monthly Expenses Management:

The software allows you to record monthly expenses, such as rent, electricity bills, staff salaries, etc.
It subtracts these expenses from monthly profits.


>Profit Calculation:

The software calculates the profit generated by each gaming operation by subtracting the game costs from the amount paid by the customer.
It also takes into account equipment rental costs if applicable.


>Game Information:

The software stores information about available games, including their name, game cost, etc.
It can also track the popularity of each game based on the number of times it's played.


>Reports and Statistics:

The software generates reports and statistics to help arcade managers make informed decisions.
These reports can include data on revenue, game performance, most frequent customers, etc.


>Security and Authentication:

The software must ensure the security of customer and operation data.
It can include authentication features to ensure that only authorized users have access to sensitive information.
In summary